# INSTRUCTIONS #

1. Create a list of songs or use a predefined list

Simply open up a text file, and start placing your songs within! All songs must be on a new line.
You can also check out the Example Files for help with additional things, such as configuration options
for running the python script and setting up categories.

If you do not have a song list or you want a pre-generated list, there are a few made in the Example Files folder
If you choose to use a file from the Example Files folder, copy and paste its contents to song.txt


2. Copy the template folder

For safety, its beneficial to create a copy of the template apworld folder (named manual_mrgrTemplate_creator)


3. Run the Python script in the copied template folder

Run the JSON Generator in the data folder.

If there is no file named song.txt, you will be asked by the script to provide a text file.

This script will ask you a few questions to generate the game.json, unless its provided within the song.txt config values.
Afterwards it will generate all of the items and locations
NOTE: The program will automatically remove spaces from the Game name and the creator name


4. (OPTIONAL) Change the options in Options.py

If you want to, you can change the maximum amount of songs in Options.py
By default, the option is set to 400 maximum songs.


4. Rename the folder to manual_(gamename)_(creatorname) 

Your game name and creator name from step 2 will be used in this step. The game name and creator name must match the values in game.json


5. Zip up the renamed folder and rename the .zip file to manual_(gamename)_(playername).apworld

If you cannot rename the extension, you may have to check your PC's settings.


6. Place the apworld file in your Archipelago installation

Place your apworld within C:\ProgramData\Archipelago\custom_worlds, or install it via the Install APWorld option in the Archipelago launcher.


7. Generate template YAML via the AP Launcher

Run the ArchipelagoLauncher within the Archipelago folder. Then, select Generate Template Settings. If you've
done everything correctly, you should have a YAML file named Manual_(gamename)_(creatorname). From there, edit
the YAML file and you're good to go!
NOTE: I highly recommend using the Debug launcher, that way you can see if the world loads properly before generating a template YAML!

All that's left is to generate your game! Have fun!
